d:\users\user-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\myFirstProject2\myFirstProject2\bin\Debug\myFirstProject2.exe.config
d:\users\user-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\myFirstProject2\myFirstProject2\bin\Debug\myFirstProject2.exe
d:\users\user-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\myFirstProject2\myFirstProject2\bin\Debug\myFirstProject2.pdb
d:\users\user-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\myFirstProject2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\user-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\myFirstProject2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.Form1.resources
d:\users\user-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\myFirstProject2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\users\user-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\myFirstProject2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\users\user-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\myFirstProject2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.exe
d:\users\user-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\myFirstProject2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.pdb
d:\users\user-pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\myFirstProject2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.frmStudents.resources
C:\Users\noamc\OneDrive\Desktop\Magshimim\Uncategorize\.NET\WPF Code\Demo 2\myFirstProject2\bin\Debug\myFirstProject2.exe.config
C:\Users\noamc\OneDrive\Desktop\Magshimim\Uncategorize\.NET\WPF Code\Demo 2\myFirstProject2\bin\Debug\myFirstProject2.exe
C:\Users\noamc\OneDrive\Desktop\Magshimim\Uncategorize\.NET\WPF Code\Demo 2\myFirstProject2\bin\Debug\myFirstProject2.pdb
C:\Users\noamc\OneDrive\Desktop\Magshimim\Uncategorize\.NET\WPF Code\Demo 2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\noamc\OneDrive\Desktop\Magshimim\Uncategorize\.NET\WPF Code\Demo 2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\noamc\OneDrive\Desktop\Magshimim\Uncategorize\.NET\WPF Code\Demo 2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.Form1.resources
C:\Users\noamc\OneDrive\Desktop\Magshimim\Uncategorize\.NET\WPF Code\Demo 2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.frmStudents.resources
C:\Users\noamc\OneDrive\Desktop\Magshimim\Uncategorize\.NET\WPF Code\Demo 2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\noamc\OneDrive\Desktop\Magshimim\Uncategorize\.NET\WPF Code\Demo 2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\noamc\OneDrive\Desktop\Magshimim\Uncategorize\.NET\WPF Code\Demo 2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\noamc\OneDrive\Desktop\Magshimim\Uncategorize\.NET\WPF Code\Demo 2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.exe
C:\Users\noamc\OneDrive\Desktop\Magshimim\Uncategorize\.NET\WPF Code\Demo 2\myFirstProject2\obj\Debug\myFirstProject2.pdb
